clarifications (#4)
ERC4626-Alliance/EIPs: EIPS/eip-x.md

#### requestDeposit

Locks `assets` from `msg.sender` into the Vault and submits a Request for asynchronous `deposit/mint`. This places the Request in Pending state, with a corresponding increase in `pendingDepositRequest` for the amount `assets`.

When the Request is claimable, `maxDeposit` and `maxMint` will be increased, and `deposit` or `mint` can be called by `operator` to receive `shares`. A Request MAY transition straight to claimable state but MUST NOT skip the claimable state.

The `shares` that will be received on `deposit` or `mint` MAY NOT be equivalent to the value of `convertToShares(assets)` at the time of Request, as the price can change between request and claim.

MUST support ERC-20 `approve` / `transferFrom` on `asset` as a deposit Request flow.

> MUST revert if all of assets cannot be deposited (due to deposit limit being reached, slippage, the user not approving enough underlying tokens to the Vault contract, etc).

Author: ```suggestion
MUST revert if all of `assets` cannot be requested for `deposit`/`mint` (due to deposit limit being reached, slippage, the user not approving enough underlying tokens to the Vault contract, etc).
```

Reviewer: Nit: missing backticks on `assets`

      type: address
```

#### pendingDepositRequest

The amount of requested `assets` in pending state for the `operator` to `deposit` or `mint`.

MUST NOT include any assets in claimable state for `deposit` or `mint`.

MUST NOT show any variations depending on the caller.

MUST NOT revert unless due to integer overflow caused by an unreasonably large input.

```yaml
- name: pendingDepositRequest
  type: function
  stateMutability: view

  inputs:
    - name: operator
      type: address

  outputs:
    - name: assets
      type: uint256
```

#### requestRedeem

> Burns exactly `shares` from `owner` and submits a request for asynchronous `redeem/withdraw`. This places the Request in Pending state, with a corresponding increase in `pendingRedeemRequest` for the amount `shares`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locks `shares` from `owner` into the Vault and submits a request for asynchronous `redeem/withdraw`. This places the Request in Pending state, with a corresponding increase in `pendingRedeemRequest` for the amount `shares`.
```
This should only lock shares in the vault. Burning happens later since the supply should only go down on fulfillment

When the Request is claimable, `maxRedeem` and `maxWithdraw` will be increased, and `redeem` or `withdraw` can be called by `operator` to receive `assets`. A Request MAY transition straight to claimable state but MUST NOT skip the claimable state.

The `assets` that will be received on `redeem` or `withdraw` MAY NOT be equivalent to the value of `convertToAssets(shares)` at time of Request, as the price can change between request and claim.

> MUST support a redeem Request flow where the shares are burned from owner directly where owner is msg.sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST support a redeem Request flow where the shares are transferred from owner directly where owner is msg.sender.
```

> MUST support a redeem Request flow where the shares are burned from owner directly where msg.sender has EIP-20 approval over the shares of owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST support a redeem Request flow where the shares are transferred from owner directly where msg.sender has EIP-20 approval over the shares of owner.
```

MUST NOT include any assets in claimable state for `deposit` or `mint`.

MUST NOT show any variations depending on the caller.

MUST NOT revert unless due to integer overflow caused by an unreasonably large input.

```yaml
- name: pendingDepositRequest
  type: function
  stateMutability: view

  inputs:
    - name: operator
      type: address

  outputs:
    - name: assets
      type: uint256
```

#### requestRedeem

Assumes control of `shares` from `owner` and submits a request for asynchronous `redeem/withdraw`. This places the Request in Pending state, with a corresponding increase in `pendingRedeemRequest` for the amount `shares`. 

MAY support either a locking or a burning mechanism for `shares` depending on the vault implemention. 

MUST support a redeem Request flow where the `shares` control of shares is taken from `owner` directly where `msg.sender` has EIP-20 approval over the `shares` of `owner`.

When the Request is claimable, `maxRedeem` and `maxWithdraw` will be increased, and `redeem` or `withdraw` can be called by `operator` to receive `assets`. A Request MAY transition straight to claimable state but MUST NOT skip the claimable state.

> If a Vault uses a locking mechanism for `shares`, those shares MUST be burned from the vault balance upon claiming the Request.

Author: ```suggestion
If a Vault uses a locking mechanism for `shares`, those `shares` MUST be burned from the vault balance before or upon claiming the Request.
```

Reviewer: Also missing backticks on the second `shares`

The `assets` that will be received on `redeem` or `withdraw` MAY NOT be equivalent to the value of `convertToAssets(shares)` at time of Request, as the price can change between request and claim.

SHOULD check `msg.sender` can spend owner funds using allowance.

> MUST revert if all of shares cannot be redeemed (due to withdrawal limit being reached, slippage, the owner not having enough shares, etc).

Author: ```suggestion
MUST revert if all of `shares` cannot be requested for `redeem` / `withdraw` (due to withdrawal limit being reached, slippage, the owner not having enough shares, etc).
```
